the good news is navy and military pay in general these days is pretty
competitive you will not do poorly in the navy or Air Force the marine
corps the army Coast Guard as long as you do your job when you rise
through the ranks you get promoted when you spend time you know
the pay scales go up and up and up and you're going to be able to do
all right there are some duties that give you a little extra pay being
a paratrooper being submarines being a pilot but that extra pay
is pretty trivial so you shouldn't be thinking in terms of I want to
do this in the navy because that way I can make some extra money find
the best career field fits you best and do that money